
# Abstract
Retinotopic mapping by fMRI has been an interesting topic of research. By definition, it is a mapping of visual input from the retina to neurons, particularly those in the visual cortex. The acquisition, representation, and Analysis of human retinotopic maps have required the use and development of various methods to investigate the neural activity of the visual cortex which yielded significant results. Previous research focused on retinotopic mapping, its applications, and discovering the sizes and surface areas of different visual areas (V1, V2, V3) while ignoring the effect of the different stimuli on the neuronal responses of the visual cortex. Which we are trying to reveal in our study. In our experiments, we take advantage of the HCP 7T Retinotopy dataset and we hypothesize that no significant difference exists between the neuronal responses to the six different stimuli, as the comparison is based on the overall distribution of the voxels’ responses to the stimuli. To answer our question, we will use the t-statistics to test if the voxels are selective for stimulus. The T-tests results, based on a 5% threshold, indicate that the visual cortex neuronal responses to six pairs of stimuli are statistically not different. However, for the rest of the stimuli pairs, the responses to them show significant differences which are 9 pairs of stimuli. We notice that opposite visual stimuli yield considerably different neuronal responses, like the sweeping bars in opposite directions and the expanding and contracting rings. Consequently, there are statistically remarkable differences in the visual cortex activity based on the stimuli, for 60% of stimuli pairs. Accordingly, we reject our hypothesis.

